[Music]
Hello how are you my hearts How are you
I hope you're having a
wonderful and spectacular day I'm
back here to tell you the latest news
from the hearts of your famous people and all that
gossip that interests you so much before we
continue with the video I'm going to ask you
something that's not going to cost you anything and it's
completely free okay It's that you click
the subscribe button to the Channel
because I have a dream and that is to reach with
this channel also get the plaque
of 100,000 subscribers you know
that I have two other plaques on other
channels and this one could not be less Okay
family I wanted to tell you some news
that the truth is you've been sending me
this headline a lot on Instagram you know that you
can send me anything both on
Instagram and Twitter or wherever you
can every time you see some news
that you want me to share or something like that
and I really feel
obliged to comment on it I've seen that there
are other channels that have commented on
things for the I In my opinion I think they have
been quite exaggerated and that
things have to be taken with a little
more  careful and delicacy because I
really don't have any proof here
to confirm this I'm going to say what
there is what there is These are rumors of a
separation between Rocío Carrasco and Fidel
Albiac to begin with I have to tell you
that Diego Arrabal confirmed this news
on his channel a few months ago he recently
spoke about the subject again
but I tell you there is nothing to
confirm it what you are sending me on
WhatsApp are
screenshots of a media outlet if there is a media outlet I
have to tell you something is
okay be very careful with this there is
now this explosion on the internet where
a lot of
web pages and Twitter accounts have suddenly appeared that
call themselves media outlets but they are
not They are media outlets they are
kids who create web pages and
pretend to be
official media outlets taking advantage of the boom that is
having on the internet now all this about the
heart all this about Rocío Carrasco
Antonio David the blue tide and so on In
fact I would not like to say the name of
this media outlet and I am not going to say it okay it
starts with I So be careful Okay you
send me a lot The screenshots from this
media outlet look and it appears here in large
headline of the separation of Rocío
Carrasco from Albiac let's see this
specific medium I think he's a kid I think he
's a kid and I also think that I don't
even think he's from
Spain with that I say anything goes he's a
kid who created a website and
starts making the most
scandalous headlines possible to get some
visits
this same kid this same medium okay this
same this person who pretends to be a
medium A few months ago he made
some headlines putting me down
calling me an abuser too and
let's be incredible he didn't end up deleting it and
well when my lawyer
contacted him through the means that through
the means that they facilitated no
contact, well he didn't answer to anyone, I
mean he didn't answer to anyone the
accounts were closed, I mean a botched job, a
botched job okay because any means that
lends itself has the obligation to put
there a contact or some way
of contacting not in case they have to
send you a burofax in case we have to
rectify something whatever is good well
this guy what he did was
never answer neither to me nor  my lawyer and close
all the networks you have to be very
careful with these people then there's
another one on Twitter on Twitter there are several in
fact on some occasions here on the channel
we have taken it for granted and we have commented on
some of them there was one that
pretended to be press from Almería or
something like that I don't remember well no and then
there's another one that pretends to be a
television medium that even the
headlines they put up are
Carrasquistas what I'm talking about on
Twitter are Carrasquistas and in the
headlines they put up they
put nicknames like Gloria Camorra that if
Antonio David's abuser hits Rocío
Flores hard anyway they put nicknames you
know So it's not a medium it's not a
professional medium it
's nobody I mean it's a kid who
wants to gain followers and once
all this with Carrasco is over and I don't know
what he'll change the name of the account and he'll
put whatever he really wants to
put on it so be very careful no the
only thing I can say is that I've
been around there hitting some
swerves trying to contract this
information with the little I can and the
only thing that comes to me and this  Yes it is
true that I am getting it is that it seems
that Fidel has been for
several weeks now in which it seems that he
is not accompanying Rocío Carrasco to the
Mediaset studios as
regularly as he did before, this could be
due to a separation Well yes or no Let's
see, I don't know, you already know how the
pink press is No, you already know how the
paparazzi are and the moment the
news breaks I don't know how they do it but they
even find out about the underwear you wear
I am very surprised that
nothing related to this has come out but it is
true that right now Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel Well, they are very protected by the
main people who run the world of the
heart here in Spain, which well, you can't
deny that on television And Telecinco right now they
are the ones who run the
show no So right now if this
person is the protected one and the only thing that
can be said about her is on this channel,
which is the one that has the most contact with
her, then if they want to hide it or if they
want to protect her from everything, they are going to
protect her, it is like for example
the complaint that she filed against Olga Moreno,
which also  she lost the penalty okay the one he
put on Olga Moreno with
Belén Esteban she lost it And
surely well we won't see
anything on Sálvame about the subject for sure
sure okay And then well in another in
another order of things and that we could
also consider Well maybe he should Maybe it
could be because the
man is absent from accompanying
his partner because he is busy because he
has a family member who is not well because he
has work It's that hardly
credible no let's see Fidel in recent
years has dedicated himself apart from being a
student right click no and collaborating in
an office as far as I know he has
dedicated himself to representing his wife in
all of her jobs this that she is
doing television press and so on
Therefore it is very strange that they tell me
that he is not accompanying her lately
maybe he is not accompanying them that much
but maybe yes one day he has
been behind me for the moment I tell you
that for the moment I do not believe these rumors but
well the rumors it is true that they
are being mentioned more and more
often and they are becoming I don't know
more echoed  but I think
it's also because of the fact of putting the
headlines and talking about the subject and winning
the clip Like for example
we are doing With this video we are not
going to deny it But well family I
will be reading you in the comments box
let me know what you think if you
really think that he is separating
if you really think it I mean don't
tell me what you would like to hear okay
if you really think that the couple doesn't
love each other is separating they are in crisis
me for example so yes I
really wouldn't bet it would be because of nonsense
like they are saying in other places not
that he had gone to Anabel Dueñas
or something like that I think that I think it
's crazy I don't think it's going overboard anymore
but well I will be reading you
family A huge hug and until the
next video
[Music]